feat/850 Process PECD capacity factors for 2026 (#843)
open-energy-transition/open-tyndp: doc/release_notes.md

## Upcoming Open-TYNDP Release

**Migration to TYNDP 2026**

> * Add support for the PECD 4.2 dataset released with the TYNDP 2026 ([#843](https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/843)).  

Reviewer: I would allign more to release note from 2024

```suggestion
* Add complete processing and preparation of PECD v4.2 renewable profiles for all renewable technologies: Solar PV rooftop, Solar PV utility, Onshore Wind, Offshore Wind, and Solar CSP  ([#843](https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/843)).  The data processing infrastructure for renewable profile creation is complete, but full integration into the model workflow will follow in a subsequent PRs.
```
